# snd (search and destroy)

<b>Table of Contents</b>

1. [Description](#description)
1. [Setup - The basics of getting started with snd](#setup)
    2. [What snd affects](#what-snd-affects)
    2. [Setup requirements](#setup-requirements)
    2. [Beginning with snd](#beginning-with-snd)
1. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
1. [Reference - An under-the-hood peek at what the module is doing and how](#reference)
1. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
1. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)

## Description

This snd (search and destroy) module can be used to search a string within a file and perform 2 types of actions if found:

- Return true so puppet registers an action has been performed (default).
- Delete the file.

This module can be used to detect problems in a file where deleting it is the easiest fix. I mainly use it for files automatically generated by other programs. By example DUID file for DHCPv6 clients.


## Setup

### What snd affects

The snd module only affects file(s) if specified.

### Beginning with snd

There are 2 ways you can obtain this module.

- Git clone or download the module from the [git repository](https://github.com/steroidg/snd).
- Download from [puppet forge](https://forge.puppet.com).


## Usage

You can use the module by including it:

```
include snd
```

Doing so won't have any effect until data hash is provided via hiera in the following format:

```
snd::params::search_items:
  [file_name]:
    search_str: '[search_string]'
    display_only: true/false
```

By example, to delete the file /tmp/foo if a line contains a line with 'answer is 42':

```
snd::params::search_items:
  /tmp/foo:
    search_str: '^answer is 42$'
    display_only: false
```


## Reference

The reference of this module can be generated by [puppet strings](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet-strings). There are 3 ways you can access the content:

- Refer it in the [official documentation](https://steroidg.github.io/snd/).
- Git checkout the [gh-pages branch](https://github.com/steroidg/snd/tree/gh-pages) of the module repository. 
- Re-generate the reference locally by running puppet strings within the module directory.

## Limitations

This module is tested on Ubuntu LTS against Puppet 5, but it'll probably work on other Linux distributions.

## Development

Please feel free to clone, use, play, comment and create pull requests. Let's see how it goes.
